Did you see it?
The top of the Northern Zhou Dynasty is broken
Did something happen?
The Eastern Zhou and the Northern Zhou united to break this ridiculous oath
No, nothing happened?
Eastern Zhou landslide
Northern Zhou avalanche
You are a judge
Hahaha, it's really nothing.
I stay in Western Zhou
Willing to advance and retreat with all ethnic groups
Is the return device destroyed?
I Lanzhou Royal
Willing to advance and retreat with all ethnic groups
Return the marriage device to Jiuding
Rolanzhou Sun family
Marriage is ruined
The wine cauldron is also destroyed
Do we have any retribution?
Is there any disaster?
Nothing.
Remember how arrogant you are now
Soon you'll be on your knees begging me
Pardon me?
Did I hear it right?
Kneel and beg you
I, Li Ruyun, put the words here today
If I bow to you
I will never be your slave
Looks anxious
The lie has been exposed and can't be played, right?
Now our nine ethnic groups are united to win Kyushu
Either submit to the king
Or kill yourself
Ah!
No, no, no.
Yangshan collapsed in the cave
Countless casualties
Pardon me?